# Santander Customer Transaction Prediction
## Introduction
 The subject domain we will be exploring is consumer habits. The consumer has many things to consider when making purchases. It is in a business’s best interest to have consumers purchase their products and know what the consumer wants and why. For this project, we will be focusing on a dataset from the Company Santander to help them predict who will make a purchase from them. We will employ machine learning algorithms to predict whether a consumer will do this.
## Project Problem Statement
There are many insights we can gain and analyze from this dataset. The main goal though is to figure out what factors are the main drivers of making a purchase with the company Santander. Santander and most companies’ mission is to create more transactions for their company for themselves so they may thrive as a business. Most of the data that has been provided to us has no plane understandable meaning. We must figure out through analysis where there are correlations between these factors, remove those that don’t seem to matter, and predict finally whether the consumer will in fact purchase their products. This type of problem is a good candidate for machine learning as the factors that lead up to whether a consumer will make a transaction are highly dimensional and can be hard to predict simply by a human.
## Data set
https://www.kaggle.com/c/santander-customer-transaction-prediction

We are using a dataset from Kaggle titled Santander Customer Transaction Prediction. Santander is a financial services company that offers retail and commercial banking services and is interested in identifying which customers will make a specific transaction in the future. The dataset is split into a training and test dataset where each set has 200,000 instances and 200 columns. In the training set, a binary target column is provided indicating if the customer made a purchase and 200 real-number variables that can be used to predict the target column.
